♪♪
Come here.
You have everything?
Piggy Pig?
I'm not a baby anymore. Mom.
Right. I forgot.
I don't wanna go.
It's only temporary.
Okay?
I promise.
- I wanna help.
- I know you do. Hershel.
but not this time. okay?
♪♪
How far do you think?
12 miles south. give or take.
Should get there before dark
if we move fast.
Then we'll be back
before you know it.
Okay?
♪♪
I got you.
Call it.
Tails. I guess.
Over there. please.
Gonna give us the assignment. sir?
You'll know soon enough.
♪♪
- Morning.
- Oh. my God.
I thought
you were still asleep.
Well. I was --soundly so.
I thought we had a lovely night.
didn't we?
Yeah. we did.
What are you reading?
Um. just...
stuff on physics.
"An object in motion" --
you know.
- Mm.
- Mm-hmm.
Well...
Just so you know...
you are the most remarkable
human I have ever met
in my heretofore
uneventful life.
Okay. let's not get carried
away here.
You're beautiful
in every way.
Thank you.
I have to
get ready for work.
♪♪
If you're having hesitation
about what
I've asked you to do...
No.
I said I'll do it.
I just. um...
Hey.
You can tell me.
I just can't stop thinking about
what happens after we do this.
This place pushes on people
to keep things the same.
I just worry they'll keep
pushing till we all break.
♪♪
Clear.
This room is clear!
♪♪
They're not splitting up.
- Clear!
- Yeah. they will.
- This might be our best shot.
- No. it's too risky.
We need to just get through this
and get back home.
There is no "getting
through this." all right?
We are in the shit till we find
a way to fight our way out.
Look. we keep heading north.
away from our group.
We find our moment. we take it.
Hey. what's with the chit-chat?
Man. we need a break.
Been doing this
for a while now.
And we'll keep
doing this for a while.
if that's what it takes.
Hey. you check
Charleston yet?
Why?
What's in Charleston?
There's a rumor up
on the rooftops
they trade
for weapons and stuff.
Might be something. might not.
- Move!
♪♪
Man: Romano. what's your 20?
13 miles past the last outpost.
Second location is cleared.
one more to go.
Copy that.
Let's move.
♪♪
Hornsby's checking in on us.
We need to watch our backs.
Yeah.
♪♪
Sounds like it's getting closer.
Because it is.
♪♪
Mom?
I'm okay.
No. you're not.
Hershel...
Everything I've done...
And everything I still do...
is so that
we have choices.
The place that we're going
right now. you may not like it.
But I promise you.
it is the right choice.
For now.
♪♪
Oh. you made it!
This way.
♪♪
Exciting.
Don't you think?
♪♪
Things are coming together.
You get the scalp of the woman
who killed your family.
and I finally get to do
my job without interference.
Everybody wins.
Well...
not everybody.
♪♪
I'll need to see.
When she's dead.
I'll need to see her
when she's dead.
You will.
Come on.
♪♪
Okay. this thing is stuck.
Maggie.
Hey. kid.
And you're sure this guy
Hornsby and his men are coming?
Yes. Elijah spotted a few of
them 5 miles
outside our walls last night.
Thoughts?
You helped us.
and I am grateful.
And I got no problem
watching the kid at all.
But. Annie. my wife.
is pregnant.
so there is no way
I'm gonna sit in some
Whisperer worm hole
while you're out --
I don't know --
saving some shithole of a home
that's not worth saving.
Negan. don't.
Actually. he's right.
Maybe Hilltop
isn't worth saving.
Those people are.
This fight that I'm in.
that I started.
with Hornsby--
it's not gonna end
until I end it.
And I got no doubt
you will.
But I also got no doubt
that you are firmly
in the crosshairs
of this Lance asshole. so...
So I'm coming with you.
No.
I'll finish it.
- Maggie. we can help fight --
- No. please.
I need you to stay here --
with Hershel.
with those others.
Keep them away from Hilltop
and safe until this is over.
He doesn't exactly trust me.
you know?
But I'm starting to.
You saved him...
at Riverbend.
Whatever else happens.
and whatever else has happened.
I will never forget that.
Wow.
You have big balls.
Maggie Rhee.
I got you.
And I got your boy.
♪♪
Annie...
He'll be waiting for you
when this is done.
I promise you that.
Thank you.
Oh. shit.
If that ain't a sign
from the Man Upstairs.
♪♪
You at the second location?
Man: Clearing that now.
Finish.
Then head back.
Copy that. sir.
We'll head back.
♪♪
One last sweep. then home.
All right. great.
I'll lead.
♪♪
Man:
Cover left. cover left!
♪♪
Aah!
Keep 'em surrounded!
♪♪
Flanking left!
Cover me!
♪♪
Moving up!
Cover me. cover me!
♪♪
Watch that left!
Where's Hornsby?
Screw you.
♪♪
It's your choice.
Maybe...
Maybe 10 miles out.
He said he wanted...
Said he wanted
to clear the field.
♪♪
"Clear the field"?
Leave only allies behind.
Maggie.
Hornsy on walkie: Romano. you there?
♪♪
He ain't here anymore.
Move!
Now!
♪♪
And when this world fell.
we gathered up
the scattered pieces.
and we put them
back together again.
It wasn't easy.
and we faltered at times.
But we found a reason to live
when everything
outside these walls...
was dead.
Max?
You okay?
You seem...
far away.
No. I'm good.
I'm right here.
Max. if you're having
a bad day. you can tell me.
I do get it. you know?
Always having to be "strong."
never show any emotion.
But if we can't show that
to each other.
who can we show it to?
I appreciate it. Pamela.
You know I do.
But...
I am really okay.
♪♪
Oh. before I forget.
Accounting sent over
the Founders' Day budget.
There's a $50.000 surplus.
Well. that's great.
I was gonna suggest something.
if you're open to it?
How about starting
a scholarship fund
for our less-fortunate
families?
I've put together a proposal.
and we could...
Is that...
okay?
Of course! I love your
out-of-the-box thinking.
But any extra funds go
right back into the event.
It's our biggest day
of the year.
Sure.
I understand.
You really should
get going.
You've got that
5:00 dinner.
Yes. thank you.
I don't know what I'd do
without you. Max.
You're leaving soon.
too. right?
Right behind you.
♪♪
Hey.
I'm so sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
No. Sebastian. hi.
Uh. no. you didn't.
Is there something
that I can help you --
Yes. uh. is -- is...
Uh. is my mom pissed at me?
You know. 'cause I keep asking
for her. and --and...
- nothing. so...
- It's just been
a hectic
afternoon. so --
I gotta talk to her.
so could you just --
If you could get her
for me. Max...
She's actually at
a work dinner.
but I can get word
to her for you.
"Get word to her"?
Yeah. yeah. why--
Why don't you go "get word"
to her for me.
Her only child.
That is such bullshit.
I'm really sorry.
Sebastian.
but I was actually
on my way out. so...
Oh. you never stop!
But. working. working. hey.
You just...
Oh. God.
I mean. you even
take it home with you?
Oh. no. that's --
I --I got it.
It's okay.
That's fine.
Always clumsy after one too many
afternoon coffees. you know?
♪♪
Yeah. it's. uh...
poor man's drug.
Caffeine.
♪♪
No sign of Hornsby.
Asshole always has
somebody else do his dirty work.
See if we can recover
any of their weapons.
Follow their trail back
to their camp.
and then we end this.
On it.
You ready. bud?
As ever.
Let's do it.
Marco!
Get down!
♪♪
No.
Marco!
♪♪
Go. go.
How many?
Three.
Leah. your 20?
Leah. what the hell was that?!
I drew 'em out.
I'm doin' this my way.
Your way got my men killed!
Collateral damage.
♪♪
I've got others fanned
over a 20-mile perimeter.
We'll find them.
You goddamned better.
♪♪
His troopers are here.
He's gotta be close.
Yeah.
We got walkers. too.
He set traps for them.
These aren't for them.
♪♪
What is it?
Leah.
♪♪
I think we should split up.
cover more ground.
♪♪
You sure it was her?
Yes.
Go. please.
I'll lead
Leah and the others away.
I am not gonna leave you.
I will not risk losing you two.
We can handle ourselves.
Maggie. okay?
We'll draw them away. too.
and then. when everyone's safe.
we'll just go meet up
with the others.
I'll find you.
Go.
♪♪
Tyler Davis is on this list.
And the woman Rosita tried
to help out
during the heist
is on here. too.
I counted 200 more.
What about these numbers?
They look like...
codes?
Maybe coordinates?
So you think this is about
where they're hiding people.
Why don't we write about that?
No. not yet.
I need proof.
Something this big.
this explosive?
We --We need a key
to crack the code.
U-Until we have that.
I'll write about
Sebastian's heist...
and hang it around
Pamela's neck.
I mean. when everyone finds out
that she's not on their side.
they're gonna question
everything about this place.
Hence
the aforementioned uprising.
No. hey. hey. hey!
It's --It's okay.
I thought we could use help.
so I told him to come.
Sorry I'm late.
Trying to round up
a few more for the cause.
- Geez.
- I told him
we'd needed more people
to get the article out.
And I got a whole network. ready
and willing to ride at dawn.
♪♪
We're doing this?
Let's ride.
♪♪
I have waited for
this moment for a long time.
♪♪
I know what you want.
I wanted it myself
for a long time.
You can't kill me.
That would be too easy.
If that was what you wanted.
you would've done it already.
♪♪
You want me to suffer.
Feel everything that you felt.
All the pain.
♪♪
'Cause somewhere inside you.
you think that'll take
away your pain.
It won't.
You're wrong.
It's not just you.
By the time I'm done...
Everyone you love will be dead.
♪♪
Then I guess
that makes us even.
I took your family.
you take mine.
♪♪
Nature has a way of
taking care of these things.
It's not nature.
Or fate.
It's us.
I killed your people
because it was what I wanted.
If this is what
you want. Leah...
Go ahead.
You want it. so do it.
Go on.
♪♪
Hyah!
They're in there!
♪♪
Sir. are you okay?
Let it go!
On the other side!
Who's my backup here?
Hold your fire!
♪♪
Now we take it all.